# Graph-Applications
LinkedIn is a professional networking site, people are connected with other people. The whole system appears as a giant connected graph, and when you open any user profile you can see if this user is a connection from 1st, 2nd, or 3rd connection. 1st means I’m directly connected with this user, 2nd means I’m not directly connected with this user, but I’m connected with someone who is connected with this user. 3rd means I’m not directly connected with this user, but I’m connected with someone who is connected with someone that is connected with this user. And so on. It’s required to get the total number of people connected at kth vertices away from each other A runner wants to escape out of a maze. The maze consists of (N×N) cells.Some of cells contained blocks, so, runner will avoid those cells to escape. Runner needs to know the path to follow which he can take to escape the maze. Notes Initially the runner is in cell (0, 0) and the exit is cell (N-1, N-1).He can move in all four directions if there are no blocks If his current location is (X, Y), he can move to either (X+1, Y), (X−1, Y), (X, Y+1), (X, Y−1). If the first cell (0, 0) and the last cell (N-1, N-1) contain blocks, then he can't escape out of the maze. Value 1 represents a cell containing block and 0 for cells he can move through it.It’s required to get the path that runner can follow to escape out of maze. There are some cities and some routes connecting specific cities (not all cities are connected). For each route between two cities there is a flight with specific time and cost (same for any direction). An Employee wants to travel from city X to city Y and he needs to minimize the cost that will be paid. Every hour that the employee spends during traveling or waiting in the airport for another flight connection, he has to pay M DollarsAssume that layover time between connecting flights is always one hour. It’s required to get the path with the minimum cost for the employee during his journey
